---
title: "First Week Of Class"
date: 2019-08-01 07:00:00
---

It seems like eons since my last first day of school. My backpack is packed,
clothes picked out, and I cant be more excited. I know, I'm such a shameless nerd.
The first week was not as daunting as I anticipated. There's 22 girls in my class
or cohort as Grace Hopper refers to it. Its a mixed bag. There are those
who graduated college weeks ago, others with Phd's, those with no experience and
others who worked as software engineers. Everyone's been welcoming and with that,
we started pair programming, ie, the preferred method of teaching in the Grace Hopper
Spectrum. Its an agile technique, where one writes code while another views the code
being written. The idea behind it is that the two will blend together seamlessly
and they will benefit from the other's way of thinking. Or something
along those lines.

One of the aspects I am appreciating most about the experience is the sheer
plethora of experienced individuals who can answer my questions. It is
nigh impossible to not find help here. From the teaching staff that offers
tons of hours to the teaching fellows (akin to teaching assistants) coming
to you in your darkest times of need, it would be stupid not to take
advantage of the resources. It makes failing incredible hard to do so.

In addition to my program, I am game for the task of finding a new apartment!
I've lived my current apartment since college and I'm oddly nostalgic. From the neon sign outside my bedroom window that reminds me strawberry pink tones that I'm trash to the post war facade that mocks the passerbys, it was my first big girl home.Though I made a lot of memories here, it left a lot to be desired. Like not living below 2 sorority NYU girls who throw ragers at 2 AM on Wednesday nights and leave delightful presents of vodka laced puddles in the hallway. Or my packages that were delivered from over a month overseas being stolen. But I digress.

This was my first home. I bought furniture for this place, 2 rooms full
of ikea. I went on Memorial Day weekend with my two roommates. We sat on
every single couch, trying desperately to find one that fit into our boxcar
style 300 square apartment. We spent every day after work furiously assembling
as much as we could, screwing and hammering away the plywood boards together
and eating pizza off of a microwave.

But it's time to move on. To keep moving forward.
