---
title: "My Swan's Song"
date: 2019-12-17 07:00:00

---
There is nothing more lovely, more divine than someone who plays with passion.

The Swan, by Camille St Saens, is a piece of profound beauty and of great loss.  It is dear to my heart because of the time of my life I played it in. I had learned the piece as a cello solo, my first big girl piece. It was the piece that earned my seat in the orchestra, the one that was played. And I had forgotten that it had ever existed.

For the first time in years, I took the keyboard out of my closet and plugged it in. It was after a particularly hard day of dynamic programming.  My study partners and I had found refuge in an NYU study hall and all we did for the rest of the afternoon were those types of problems. It ended with a sense of both understanding and happiness, I had gotten a particularly nasty 3 sum solution to work and I felt it justified to reward myself.

The last I had played a piano was when I was 5. In an admittedly poor attempt to coax out any musical talent I had, the experience ended with my swearing of never touching a bloody piano as long as I lived. But this time, I was alone. There was no pressure to be anything. So I played. It wasn’t perfect. I missed keys,  played with little finesse, and my posture was admittedly not what it used to be. It didn’t have to be. I was just a girl and her piano, unlocking the secrets hidden underneath the surface.

I’m not sure how long I played for, I had gotten to the point where the swan was dying, when I was interrupted by Detroit style pizza and Greg. You see, it was his keyboard I had dug out. He had played it for a few months, flitting about with a piano instructor before ending his lessons and the keyboard. It was relegated to me to be forgotten.

We ate our pizza in silence, knowing the culprit. I had brought up a sore spot for him. He practiced scales for months with little improvement before ending his lessons. Put down his half eaten slice.

“Do you want something else,” I asked.

He shook his head.

“That’s not it.”

He sighed.

“I have never seen anyone pursue anything with the same intensity or diligence as you. You wanted to work in nanotechnology in college, so you found the only lab that did it. You wanted to learn coding so you practiced everyday after work until you knew more about AR than even CS grads. You wrote a book based off a single song. And now you’re better at me after a night of doing something than I ever was.”

“Are you mad at me for it?”

“No.”

“Are you envious?”

“A little,” he admitted. “You have dreams. I don’t have anything.”

That hurt. It never even occurred to me that other people go through life without that spark, that longing. I envied him truthfully. In every room he walked into, he was THE smartest person in the room. The most successful. And he knew it. At social events he was the one people wanted to know, that people wanted to talk to and was the center of attention. He was the one who brought his company to our college to recruit for prospective talent. On top of that, he was supremely charitable, empathetic to a fault, and overall a good man.

“Would you want to try again?”

He sighed.

“It was so much money for lessons. That guy-”

“-gave you stones and told you to feel your way through,” I finished.

“He wasn’t the right person for you.”

He went into the fridge and took out a can of olives.

“Did it make you happy?”

“More than most things.”

“Then isn’t it worth pursuing?”

“But I’m not good at it.”

“You will go through a period that you will suck. It will infuriate you, baffle you, hurt you. But everyone goes through it. No one becomes a master without being an awful beginner.”

We finished our pizza and walked for a long time. It was SantaCon, and we walked all the way to the other side of the City. Talking about new teachers, new ways of learning and practicing our separate crafts together. You should be kind to others.  Everyone struggles, everyone is at a different stage of life. And that’s ok. I am trying to desperately make my dreams come true, but enabling others dreams, to be the one that tells them that they can do it, that you believe in them and are proud of them. That they can do it. It’s a tenant of leading a good life.
