---
title: "Move in day and Senior checkpoint"
date: "2019-08-28"
// featuredImage: ./awesome-image.png
---

About two weeks ago I wrote about how tired I was after Pillars. I lied. This
is the most exhausted I've ever been to date. On the good side, my housing is sorted out. A studio 3 blocks away from my current
place, I had to run to the leasing office to lock down a deposit and application. The New York housing game is not for the faint of heart. 15 minutes after I arrived,
a man came wanting to lease the same place, only for the agent to tell him I had just gotten it. He was certainly not very happy to see me, but who cares? I get to live in my own space.

There's just one caveat. I need to move everything I own into it in secrecy the week before my actual move in date, which is this Saturday. And my final project for junior phase is due this Thursday. And my final exam is on this Friday. But no pressure.

In order for one to advance into Senior phase Grace Hopper, one must do well on the final exam and if you dont, you better have excelled in the final project. Essentially, the final project is a terrine, the layers consisting of every single technology learned in Junior phase. It should be a site that uses Redux, React, Express, Sequelize, and Node, and it should be a single page application that displays students, schools, and relate them and their data in the final product. Its a four day undertaking, an excellent implementation of CRUD, and it could not have come at a worse time.

During the program hours, I typed and programmed furiously to get as much quality, working code done as possible. Afterwards, I spent another 4 hours working on it, studying for the final, then moved every last stick of furniture and 25 uhaul taped boxes into my new apartment. I'm regretting not hiring movers now, but it wont help me knows. Quite a few people snickered as I moved my drawers piece meal over on skateboard. I moved as much as I could, slept for 4 hours, woke up early to study some more, repeat.

At the end of the week though, I had done surprisingly well on my exam! Honestly, the final project was excellent and sufficient preparation for it and am more than pleased at the results. Honestly, all I want right now is a bubble tea and sleep.

