---
title: "Apple Crumble and Beers"
date: "2019-10-06"
// featuredImage: ./awesome-image.png
---

"How feasible do you think it is for me to learn C# in three days," I asked
my friend. A software engineer at Amazon, if anyone could answer it it would be
him.

"Well, that depends."

"On what?"

"Can you slow time?"

And so the race was on to learn object oriented programming. Its week 15 and
boy, Capstone tensions are high. After 3 days of fiddling around on Unity,
I can respect and appreciate it for what it is. Well thought out and with tons of tools, I can see why this is the premier way to go for game development. The
learning curve is the only hindrance.

Writing my first C# scripts was a wonderful experience. I got the logic to navigate to different screens and the buttons to work. Small challenges,
but I'm just happy it works. The UI is done and its so lovely! Still need to get the actual database done, but it's working.Its been interesting delving into so many technologies for this project. I had to use MySQL instead of our taught PSQL for our databases and its been intriguing to see the differences.

Kat has been doing a ton of heavy lifting, she's done an absurd amount of
thought and research in our project all while staying completely level headed and calm. Its
completely unfounded territory for us and I'm proud that we
are doing our best, especially since most groups have 4 people. She's pushing me to do more, easy to work with, an absolutely marvelous person, and I'm lucky we work well as a team.

Yesterday, I wandered around the west village and Washington square parks.
There's nothing quite like fall in New York. The leaves were fringed in
browns and reds, making them look as though they were on fire. A bluesy
jazz from saxophones played. I ventured deeper west until I was almost at
the water when I saw a lovely couple reciting their vows. The brides
were dabbing away the wetness from their eyes. There couldn't have
been more than 20 people at that ceremony, a quiet little slice of
green church. I watched behind the bars of the gates as they became a couple
before walking away.
