---
title: "Teariffic, and a goodbye"
date: 2019-09-19 07:00:00
---

Back to work and the first week of Senior phase! It felt good to rest, to meditate and to eat whatever I wanted to my heart's content. Its back to Grace Hopper and to enter the last stage of the program, Senior phase.

6 weeks long, its broken down into 3 projects, an e-commerce site, a personal project (known as stackathon),and the meatest projects of your choice in a group with whatever technologies you want (aka Capstone). To kick it off, we dove into the e-commerce site. Based on all technologies taught, we were broken into groups of 3 and 4 on our cohort size of 22. I was in a group with Stacy, Kate, and Nayana and we went with bubble tea as our product to sell, based on my love for it.

Our instructors have told us this project to teach us to work as a team, and I am just shocked with how much we need to communicate with each other. Its better though that we are on the same page and everyone in my group works hard and honestly which is all I can reall ask for. That and merging code. I have never seen merge commits until this project and now I can write a whole book about git and git commits. We have a week and a half to work on it and I really hope it's done in time.

In addition to our projects, every morning we have to start doing REACTO, which is basically interiew problem solving. Standing for Repeat, Examples of code, Approach of problem, Code the problem, Test out solution with examples, and Optimize solution, it is so hard. I really suck at it, but I need to get better and improve if I hope to get a shot at interviews.

As all of this was happening, my dear friend was moving to London. The one who encouraged me to pursue coding in the first place. She is fearless and young and I wish her the best. She gave me her plants, her time, and an incredible wardrobe that quadrupled the size of mine. I'll miss her terribly, but I know she is doing what is best for her. After 7 years at paypal and the unhappiness that went with it, she's going for her Masters in Longon and going to live her best life in Europe. I know it will be an adventure for her and she will be great. We had one last dinner together, bubble tea and noodles. Its our favorite thing to do, eat food and simply talk deep philosophical thoughts. We threw fireworks out the window of my apartment, watching them light and snap as they hit the ground. The whole time, I knew it was coming to an end. Yet, we stood side by side and I knew that I was lucky she came into my life.
