---
title: "The First Step"
date: 2019-07-25 07:00:00
---

For those reading, thanks for visiting. My name is Lisa Jo. I've jumped
off 50 story cliffs, biked across 6 islands and 6 bridges in 2 days, wrote a novel, rode
go carts in live street traffic in Tokyo, but
today marks an especially daring feat for me. I've been accepted
into Grace Hopper Academy, an all women's immersive software engineering bootcamp.

I've quit my job, tuned my brompton, and am off on what I hope will
be a grand adventure. Because I believe in myself. That I can do more, that I can
be better.

If you told me four years ago I would have been interested in computers,
I would have laughed. Back then, I studied cardiomyocytes in college as my research,
scored in the 97 percentile on my PCAT, and taught organic chemistry and
anatomy. Yet, it was so empty. Essentially, I lied to myself for 4 years of
undergraduate in a desperate attempt to be the person I thought I should be.
It wasn't until my spring semester of senior year that I decided I would
not go through the motions any longer and pursued something I truly cared
about.

After 2 years of writing for something I did not believe in and
struggling to find an audience to critique my novel, I wanted to give up. It was my roommate, who had suggested me to pursue software engineering. The man who loved ice cream nearly as much as me. Who graciously allowed me to squat in his suite when I had failed to procure the funds to pay for the room and board in college. Who never failed to bring back gifts from his trips abroad.


"What do you possibly have to lose," he asked.

 I was hooked. I blew through the course, marveling at my ability to
work through the complex problems and created something that I formerly thought I
was unable to do. I loved it so much that I created my own writing platform
so that other writers could get critique on their writing as well.

I wanted so badly to be better, to break free from my former career that
I took the leap and have been free falling ever since.



