---
title: "The Lucky Ones"
date: 2019-12-08 07:00:00

---


Are we doomed?

Here’s the thing.

In the moments of doubt,  I look back at where I am. At where I started. A few years ago, I was in the hospital, the leaf patterned curtains drawn around the bed. I had been there for a week and had been admitted after an infection rocked my intestines and left me unable to stand.

“You were lucky,” my nurse said.

The ciproflaxin dripped molasses slow and it was simply too sterile. Too clean here.

“Most people have to share a room but you have this private one all to yourself.”

Me lucky? I thought bitterly.

To be sitting in this room for a week while I couldn’t eat a single solid bite of food? Having to take medication after medication and having a resident check my stomach while it felt like someone was kicking my innards out with cleats?

I left the hospital 92 pounds and it took me two years to truly recover from the effects of the medication.  It was only yesterday when I sat in my apartment decorating my real Christmas tree and eating Huevos Rancheros that I remembered the nurse’s words and what she meant. And yes, I was so lucky. To have health insurance and access to a great network of doctors and nurses who could treat me. That my parents had been home when I finally collapsed due to the effects of what I thought had been food poisoning. That my friends came to visit me and called my nurse when I vomited out my gallbladder. Best of all, I got to live to this point.

Dying is a process that our finite minds do not want to grasp. We were given the chance to live, a spark in the endless void of life that will fade as surely as it lit up, but it did light up. We are given the chance to experience life and everything in the world, we were given the single most precious gift in life, time. Time on earth is finite for everyone, but the way we use whatever we have left is what matters. No one wants to die, but if we can accept that our lives are finite, we can live better lives and cope better with our fates. We can choose how to better spend it.

Last week, I made it to the on site interview. It was surreal, to be on 58 floor and watch Manhattan. They asked me questions and I gave it all I had. They were a wonderful bunch of people. And that whole time, I felt so incredibly fortunate. I have the means to pursue my dreams.
