---
title: "Bear Mountain"
date: 2019-10-13 07:00:00
---

Ok, so confession time. I love nature. The quiet, gentle, lonely serenity of it all. I detest hiking. Ever since that fateful day in Malibu. It was a perfect summer's day right before the fourth of July. The wind tasted salty and blew volume into my hair. My first time in Los Angeles, I nearly cried when I saw the ocean outstretching the pier. So very blue, so much purer and vaster than any of my dreams and I ran to it. On this fateful day my friends told me we were going to the beach and I chose to wear high heels. They failed to mention that they planned a 5 hour hike up the dry, cracked brown mountains that sat juxtaposed to the ocean. I never got to swim in the ocean and it broke my heart. So forgive me if I'm a little opposed to the idea of climbing up mountains.

But today I came prepared. After another marathon of work for Apple Crumble, I retreated to the gentle arms of nature. Up Bear Mountain, onto the Appalachian trail that spans from Georgia to Maine. The sheer amount of work for Apple Crumble has been breath taking. Kat and I have a system, and that is to get to class at 9:30, resolve all merging issues, research as much as possible, then code until 1:30 in the morning. Repeat. Talk about more issues. Learn as fast as humanly possible. Doing this project meant having zero support from the staff because they never used any of the technology we chose. Which meant when we run into bugs, its totally and utterly on us to fix them. Learning all the features of the Unity game engine has tried me, but I need to get this done. I will NOT have a half baked product out. I would be ashamed if I was lazy and didn't do work. To make Kat do everything. On top of it all, REACTO's were killer this week. The topic was functional programming. Essentially, it stresses to not mutate original pieces of data and modularizes code to make it more maintainable. But man, I STINK. I just need to practice more. Lots more. Like absurd amounts more.

So today, a treat for myself. Mike, my friend, was gracious enough to drive us all the way up to upstate New York. We crammed into the front of his pick up truck and listened to Nirvana, eating bodega sandwiches and carrots whiled picking out the reddest trees that dotted the mountains. When I was younger, I would hold the fallen leaves in my hand, pretending the bright crimsons and siennas were a fire.

We did a light 5 hour hike on the mountain, by stairs on the way up and a rock scramble on the way down. The whole time, the mountain was flooded with tourists. I wished for just the three of us on the mountain. What I got was a few hundred visitors parking their mercedes in the parking lot and hiking along side of us. In the few pockets of peace and serenity, we sat on dried pine needles and watched trains snake along the hudson valley. Mike, who set fires for fun and Greg, who made Eagle Scout, used magnifying glasses and managed to burn a few holes in leaves. My efforts were entirely fruitless and I thank God that I lived somewhere with heat.
On the way down, they were gracious to stop every fifteen minutes to let me catch up.

"Thank God you're wearing that pack," I said to Mike.

A monstrous thing that included a water purifier, tent, poop shovel, and sleeping bag, he smiled slyly at me. We back to the city and chose old rock classics. On the way back to Manhattan, we passed by a slew of sad, city commissioned housing projects. They were so worn, like overworked squatting women and crumbling in places.

"It incentivizes failure," Mike went on to say as I passed him carrots.

"When you punish people for getting jobs, for bettering themselves by taking away their housing on the primest real estate market on the east coast, you don't give them reason to leave the system," I said.

Mike and Greg are much better at talking about this than I am.

"Look at the block Lisa and  I live on," Greg pointed out.

"Its either multi million high rises or pre war walk ups. There's just no housing being built for the middle class."

We kept up this debate and increasingly improbably solutions, which included building a slew of high rises that lower income families could live in with price adjustments as they made more money to building out the L train to make stops in alphabet city.
This continued until dinner. We stopped for Korean bbq, a personal favorite and our group of three's choice. The smell of grilling meat was thick in the air and hot splatters of beef splashed onto the table.

When I got back to my apartment, the most wonderful idea for my personal website came up. A sunflower theme! It doesn't make much sense now, but I'll use CSS, React, and some Vanilla JS to make a portfolio website to show case my work. The top will be a sunflower, the petals projects, the wall it sits on bricks with the technology I know, and the roots will have contact information.

Nature brings me back to sanity. To health. And I can't wait until my next rock scramble.
