---
title: "Toy Story 4, the work begins"
date: "2019-08-06"
// featuredImage: ./awesome-image.png
---
The work of week 1 seems trivial compared to this week.
Week 1 consisted of the front end technologies, like HTML, CSS, and some
DOM manipulation events. Those seem so far away.

This week was all about the back end. The best analogy I can think of between
the front end and back end is that imagine
seeing an ice berg floating in the ice blue water. No matter how it appears from
sea level, there is no way to fathom the depths and complexities that
lurk underneath the surface. There is a surprising intricacy to the back end,
a dance between making requests, storing data, and getting the data needed back.
My program focused on Express, Node.js, and Sequelize and we learned it all this week. Can I say how awesome
it is that JavaScript can be run server side using Node? I know that its
not a perfect language but its pretty rewarding seeing the backend being
implemented, especially in our pair programming exercises. I've tried to
read every single bit of material distributed before hand, redo the pair exercises
when I come home, but I've come the realization that my effort is as futile
as filling a sieve with sand. I'll just have to study smarter and think more
critically for this class. I've been coming in 30 minutes prior to class starting
time to attend morning review, where a teaching staff will go over any questions
from the day prior material. Hopefully, it works out.

In addition to normal class, we have take home tests to do. To us, they're
known as checkpoints. Covering each technology we learn, we're supposed to complete
them. They're tricky but a good gage to see how well you can build on the information given.

In other news of my personal life, which is ever dwindling since the program began,
I went to watch toy story 4. Now, let me say it now. The peas in a pod from the third
movie is my favorite toy of the series. Hands Down. They're names are Peatey,
Peatrice, and Peanelope. How do I know this? Its because during my monthly visit
to the Disney store in Times square the employee told me so. So there.

Throughout the whole movie, I waited patiently for the 3 peas to appear. For
the entire runtime, I wanted a glimmer of those 3 peas to show up. My adorable
triples. Instead I was rewarded with Woody being hacked apart for his voice box,
the schism from his original crew, and a tiny boxing day french canadian figure.
My dissapointment only continued at Dairy Queen, where they had no chocolate ice
cream and I watched my boyfriend and his friends eat their peanut butter blizzards.

Yet, despite, or in spite of the movie,I knew that there was more work to be done.
So I went home and read the material for the next day of class. I need to give it all I have. And I will not say I did not do my best.
