---
title: "Anchor"
date: "2019-09-25"
// featuredImage: ./awesome-image.png
---

Our e-commerce site is done! We ended up making a bubble tea shop, complete
with payment and cart. The cart was definitely tricky and the relations for the
models tougher than expected, but it was done and I was so proud of us
when we presented it.

When our  program lead asked us to go around the room, to show appreciation
for anyone during our project, my teammate said my name. I was absolutely shocked.
The entire time, I wish I could have done more. But when one of then acknowledged
me, that I had been an anchor in our team that had grounded us and had done
the lifting that needed to be done. How I had been the mastermind of merges and git
and branches.

"She is so young and smart," another one of my teammates added on.

I was floored. As someone that doubts my intelligence daily, I couldn't believe
what I had heard. Me. Smart. By women who were so intelligent, who for so long
I felt outclassed me and I didn't deserve to be around. I biked back to my apartment that night, grinning
like a fool.

...

As for the rest of the week, well, it was . . . interesting. After our e-commerce sites
were done we swan dived into stackathon. A solo project, we used whatever technology
our hearts desired, provided it was done in 4 days. Full of ballooned optimism, I foolishly believed my task was easy. Boy, was I wrong.

My app, fondly named Buubl Maps, used the google maps, directions and places api along with React. Essentially, I love bubble tea more than anything else. From the hoity toity The Alley to my true soulmate Boba Guys, there is nothing better than soft, chewy tapioca juxtaposing sweet, milky tea. My app solves my issue of finding bubble teas anywhere in the world by geolocating them and finding them based on user distance and transportation preferences. After much deliberation with CORs and a lot of issues with React, I have a lovely site where you can search for bubble tea any where in the world. SO YAYYY.
