---
title: "Fire and Monsoons"
date: 2020-09-11 07:00:00
---

Last night, I had a dream. I was at my old job. Everything, from my desk to the windows, was on fire. The sky was orange, and the smoke choking slate grey thick. There was no one except me. I alone would suffer the consequence of the flames. Yet, as they grew taller and the heat singed my skin, I didn’t move. The exit was there, but not a single step was taken. Then, I woke up. In the apartment in my name, surrounded by the mementos of my travels, my plant collection, the fashionable clothes and shoes, the fridge full of trader joe’s, and in unit air conditioning. Everything that a good Manhattanite would have and had been denied to me.

When I think of how infinitely better my life is, how much growth I had done in the last year, I cant help but feel immense relief. I was definitely one of those children who just waited for adulthood, for their time to come. I will never forget living in house where the roof collapsed and just having to tolerate it because there was no money to afford fixing it for 7 years. It was freezing in the winter and there were paint buckets kept near to catch the dripping water. Even then, I swore to myself that I wouldn’t be like this forever. That I would make something of my life and secure a better future.

Later that night, I went to get dessert. There was a forecast of storms, but the prediction had been wrong so far. When the rain did come, it almost felt like a lovely tropical thunderstorm. The plants, the fairy lights strewn above the white canopied tent and fine china painted with white camellias. Except the rain didn’t stop.   The water pooled and swirled underneath my feet, creating rivers and flooding the platform underneath me. My poor waitress had to run back and forth for orders, when she wasn’t holding up the tent from collapsing due to the sheer water weight. Sipping my milk earl grey tea with bites of chocolate cake while chaos raged around me. While the worst pandemic of the 21st century raged. In that single moment, all I could do was laugh. It was so awful, so surreal, and all I could do. When I had paid my bill and walked home, a bar’s patrons were standing on their chairs as a worker tried to divert the waters with a broom. A man sat in his chair and looked. He was wearing flip flops and letting the sewage water seep onto his feet without care.

Fire and water and I was unscathed. Yet how greedy I am. For my book, my dreams, my career, my aspirations. In many ways, I have been the recipient of remarkable kindness and luck. The timing between quitting my old job and starting my career as a software engineer was full of strife but one of the most worthy endeavors I have embarked on. I never forget, it feels like I was on the last flight out of Saigon sometimes, my timing was so impeccable. But I feel like I should be doing more. I should lead a more ethical life. I’ve started composting and no, it doesn’t stink up my house as long as you freeze the remnants and the drop off site is literally a 3 minute walk from my house. I buy clothes from ethically sourced companies and try to practice kindness. I used cotton bags long before New York imposed the bag tax. I don’t think Im ever going to stop chasing after what I want. Admittedly, I would do anything for my dreams to be true. And I am not ashamed of that, nor will I apologize for it. Its what I do. But I should do more.
