---
title: "About the Author Lisa Jo"
date: 2020-04-03 07:00:00

---


About the Author

Lisa Jo is a New York native. A Chinese Cuban American female, she spent a great deal of her undergraduate career at Stony Brook University living a lie. It was only after a moment of lucid honesty did she make one of her best decisions and rejected her acceptance to grad school. Currently, she is a software engineer for the stock market and loves every moment.

She has been a voracious reader throughout her life. In high school, she had a particularly astute set of teachers who encouraged not only her literary pursuits, but her academic advancement as well. Her favorite books include East of Eden, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, Gone Girl, and Little Women, to name a few. Overture is her first work.

When she’s not eating her weight in ice cream and bubble tea, she’s biking to the most remote spots in Manhattan. Currently, she lives in a 1 room apartment surrounded by plants and enjoys constructing miniature houses.

Query Letter

Dear Reader,

A chant that heralds salvation and the end. A nation where endless, renewable energy is possible, along with deeply engrained racial biases. A corpulent ruler who allows worlds to burn for his entertainment.

Sei Tana is a girl that wants to honor the promise she made to her beloved father, attend the prestigious Jinsil Academy, and lead a peaceful, unremarkable life. Yet, her curious mind codes into being programs that can be the salvation of millions or used in their destruction. Her desire to expand scientific knowledge is threatened by her naivety and worse, her cursed blood. That of a despised half Maharan.

Carter, her best friend and the heir to an archaic political dynasty, is born into greatness. He defends and is utterly devoted to Sei, but cannot overcome his disgust that Sei, a nobody, could surpass him. He likes the idea of a collectively better nation, just not when it jeopardizes his prospects.

A coming of age story set 10,000 years in the future, Overture examines the juxtaposing lives of these two friends. Soon, they wind up in a scramble to come out on the right side of history as Sei’s technological evolution and Carter’s political allegiance collide. Both are forced to weigh the cost of achieving their dreams, even if it means losing themselves and each other.

Overture is a 100,000 word completed piece. It is my debut novel, part one of six, and chapters are available upon request. Thank you for your time.

Lisa Jo


As I piece together the submissions for agents, they always ask for more. About the author, spacing, manuscripts, query letters. I can’t help but wonder will it ever be enough. I am not sure if I am any good, if I have any merit to be a writer. But no one reads this blog, so I don’t really mind the typos or if I ramble. Its more for my personal benefit than anything else.

In my tiny 400 square foot apartment, I have rarely left since the coronavirus outbreak. The few ventures I dare to make are for food. The racial tension is high, I’ve been harassed more than a few times for being Asian. As a five foot four, one hundred and ten pound woman, it is just not safe to be outside. Seeing the numbers climb in cases in deaths, its horrifying. And yet, every day I look at the news, like some sort of terribly perverse game.

I am not a medical professional. I don’t have supplies or influence. I can’t help anyone. All I can do is stay inside. So that’s what I’m doing. I still wake up early. My days consist of meditation, yoga, writing, preparing this forsaken manuscript and agent package, doing the job that pays me to live, cooking, making miniatures, practicing algos, tending to my plants, reading, and I think this is pretty much everything. I have so much time and so very few excuses.  Distraction – that’s the key to how I’m handling this.

This time can either be used in despair, in worry and dread. And that helps no one. Not the workers or the economy or the jobless or the sick. Not a single person benefits from that. Or I can spend it bettering myself. Doing projects that have meaning to me.

I do miss the outside though. Biking to the abandoned train tracks and the beach. Buying bubble tea with sushi. Watching people pass by at Washington Square Park. I miss drinking and seeing friends. Of being able to move freely without fear. None of this is possible now, but they will return. This will pass and life will continue, like it always has.


