---
title: "Why I obsess over Absolute Authenticity"
date: 2020-06-09 07:00:00
---
“You cannot golf,” my Dad said to me. “Golfing is a rich person’s sport, and you will never have the means to do it.”

How dreadful. What I remember mostly when seeing my family was their snobbery. While I sat on the porch, my teeth bluing from an iced cake,  I looked onto my cousins’ lifestyle. Maids and fancy mansions in Old Greenwich. Country clubs and paying for Carnegie Mellon. World wide trips and penthouses in Singapore. That and their poor grades and terrible manners. They wished for nothing more but to associate themselves with those just as rich or richer than them, and I simply was not in their league.

That angered me. Money and privilege and resources, all wasted on people who could float by without care. Who knew they could do as they please because they knew they had the resources to fail.

I didn’t have that luxury. I lived to better myself, because I was so sick of being looked down on as just a pretty, superfluous dummy. It instilled in me the ability to be resilient. To work endlessly, fastidiously, because I wanted something more for myself. I wanted to be able to have nice meals, my own home, and for no one to mock me. To be completely financially independent.  But also a love of literature and art. I could immerse myself in a world I cared for, instead of the one I lived in. At 14, I trained under Dai Sato. He was one of the finest names in the Anime world, and I was his protege/ingenue. He taught me two important lessons. 1: that I would never have the genius it took to be an anime artist (he wasn’t wrong). 2: I was a damn fine story teller. And at the end of that summer, he took my story back to Japan.

Since quarantine, this is what I have read so far:
Pride and Prejudice
Little Women
Slaughterhouse 5
Don Quixote
Dante’s inferno
The Intelligent Investor
Sense and Sensibility
The Year of Magical Thinking
Nicel Boys
The Count of Monte Cristo
East of Eden
Gone Girl

Both old favorites and newly found ones. I never had the chance to read Don Quixote until now, but I’m better for doing so if it means I get to hear Brian Mitchell’s voice. Dear Didion’s voice, insatiable. Flynn writes her characters ugly, Austen with biting, brilliant wit.

I adore East of Eden. Its been my uncontested favorite for such a long time. Steinbeck did no justice to Of Mice and Men or The Pearl. But this stupidly thick book is the dearest of my own heart. The imagery, the generational struggle. It gets better everytime I read it. I can never get people to read it and that saddens me that I can never discuss it. But I treasure it for what it is.

And it saddens me. That I may never be so good as a writer. So when I write, when I get that next rejection letter (two months strong), I think back to the Andy Warhol Exhibit. It was a very cold day in February did I go to the Whitney to see it. In pre Coronavirus world, one of my greatest pleasures was to go to galleries and art installations. The Camp exhibit and the Guitars of Gods at the MET. But I had to deal with those girls.

 They came with cameras the size of pillows and lights and costumes, their hair styled with cans of hairspray and faces painted heavily. It was hard to tell what was more ostentatious, them or the art. Some were respectful, posing in front of rose colored glass panes and impressionist pieces of sunflowers. Others were not as careful. They lay on top of priceless tiles, stepping on them and leaving behind dirt and oily grease smears.  Sitting and posing, their friends or photographers – I couldn’t tell- took thousands and thousands of the same photo. I laughed to myself over one the girl who was on her back, anxious to get the best angles of her equally silly entourage. They sat like dolls. Every so often, they would stop their photo sessions to look at the ones taken, critiquing the same photo before taking them again. The whole time, they didn’t so bother as to look at the art. Just for that all worthy instagram post. That constructed image of what they wanted their lives to be.

But I respect Warhol.  I knew his most famous pieces of soup cans and bright, repetitive prints. However, at the beginning of the wing, they were nonexistent. Instead, there were dozens of sketches of fantastical shoes in all sorts of shapes that a foot had no chance of fitting into. The bright, blaring colors she had known him for were gone. A small plaque beneath it read that these were his earliest works. That before he was ever famous, he was an advertising artist. His works were somber sometimes, other bright and hopeful. But it took him years, decades, before he developed his style that is so iconically, undisputedly him. Andy Warhol.

I hope I can be like that. If there is a sliver of brilliance, I will grasp towards it. Above all, I obsess over absolute authenticity in all parts of my existence. To be an imitation is simply not acceptable. My greatest pleasure is producing good literature. To be famous was never something I desired, and I don’t care if one person or a million people read Overture. But its my single finest act.
